NetStat
=======

NetStat is a ROX applet for displaying the level of network activity.
It does this by monitoring the file /proc/net/dev under Linix, or using the
netstat command under Solaris.  For other OS's you could try editing 
netstat.py.

Requirements
------------
ROX-Lib2 <http://rox.sourceforge.net>

Installation
------------
Copy the program to a useful location.

To set up the program, run it then bring up the menu.  You need to enter the 
name of your primary network interface (try running ifconfig -a to find it).
If you are on a dial-up connection you can enter a command which will 
bring up a connection, such as
	xterm -e su -c wvdial
or
	ping my-isp

Finally drag the NetStat icon to your panel to run it as a panel
applet.  Alternatively you can run it as a stand alone window.

Display
-------
NetStat has a small graphical display, below which is a label showing
the interface name.

Normally there will be two arrows drawn.  One points down towards the
interface name; this shows the activity of incoming traffic.  The
other points upwards away from the interface name and I think you can
work out what that shows.

The colour of the arrow shows the level of activity:

Black	   No traffic
Green	   Traffic measured, from dark to bright green for low to
	   high activity.
Red	   Current level of traffic does not match previous, usually
	   means that a dial-up interface has just re-connected.
No arrow   Interface does not exist.  For a dial-up this can mean that
	   there is no connection.

As an alternative you can select a chart display.  This plots two
strip charts, Tx and Rx.  Tx is transmision, Rx is receive.  The
maximum value is printed at the top right.  If there is a p suffix
then this value is the number of packets, otherwise it is in bytes (or
kilobytes if there is a K suffix).

Usage
-----
Clicking button-3 on the display opens the menu.

Clicking button-1 on the display executes the connect command, if you
defined one.

Clicking button-2 on the display executes the disconnect command, if you
defined one.

Options
-------

	Main
  	----
	Interface - the name of the network interface to monitor,
		    normally eth0 or ppp0

	Connectivity
	------------
	Define the commands to execute on a left or right click

	Display	
	-------
	Window size - initial size of window, in pixels

	Arrows      - use the arrow display
	Strip chart - use the strip chart display

	Kilobytes   - Set number of bytes required for medium and high
		      activity (low is fixed at 1)

	Packets     - Set number of packets required for medium and high
		      activity (low is fixed at 1)

Bugs
----
Please report to Stephen Watson <stephen@kerofin.demon.co.uk>

$Id: README,v 1.2 2002/12/14 17:25:50 stephen Exp $

