POPFilter
=========

POPFilter is designed to scan a POP3 mailbox and delete unwanted mail.

POPFilter comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.

Use of this program may result in the permanent loss of email messages, either
from mis-configuration of the program or from bugs in the program itself.  Be
especially aware of badly set-up kill file rules that may delete more than 
you expect.

Configuration
-------------

POPFilter needs to know about your POP3 server.  Click on the "Options"
button and enter the following data:

Login
  Mail server:  POP3 host you connect to to collect mail
  Port number:  Almost always 110
  Account:      Name you use when loggin in, either username, hostname
		or username@hostname
  Password:	Password used to log into the mail server

Filtering
  Validate local name: If set, this checks the recipient's name (the
		       To: line) against valid user names on the local
		       system.

You can then click on "Kill file" to set a list of regular expressions
to match against the sender of the message (the From: line).  

Use
---

Once the data is set up, click on Reconnect to connect to your mail
server.  If all goes well you should have a list of mail messages.
Pay attention to the right hand column.  If this is the word "Kill"
then POPFilter will try to delete the message, otherwise if it is
"Leave" then it will be untouched.  If a cell has a red background it
is because POPFilter found a matching kill rule for that message.

You can override POPFilter's decisions by selecting list entries and
clicking on "Kill selected" or "Leave selected".

When you are happy with the choice of actions, click on "Process
actions".  If there are messages scheduled for deletion, POPFilter
will ask you to confirm them.  THIS IS THE POINT OF NO RETURN.  When
they are gone they're gone.  You cannot get them back.

Some POP3 servers may time out if you take too long to make your
decisions.  Reconnect, then try again.

Author
------
Stephen Watson stephen@kerofin.demon.co.uk
http://www.kerofin.demon.co.uk/rox/
